URL: https://www.buscojobs.pe/data-engineer-ai-analytics-en-peru-ID-13201898
Portal: BUSCOJOBS
Descargado: 09/10/2026 07:18:12

TITULO: Data Engineer, Ai & Analytics
EMPRESA: 
CATEGORIA: Ventas y Servicios
SALARIO: A convenir
CONTRATO: No especificado
MODALIDAD: No especificado
CIUDAD: Perú
REGION: Perú
UBICACION: Perú, Perú
VACANTES: No especificado
JORNADA: No especificado
EXPERIENCIA: No especificado
ESTUDIOS: No especificado
SECTOR: No especificado
TAMANO: No especificado
UBICACION EMPRESA: No especificado
FECHA PUBLICACION: 28/09/2026
FECHA CIERRE: 17/10/2026
URL POSTULAR: https://www.buscojobs.pe/data-engineer-ai-analytics-en-peru-ID-13201898
INDUSTRY: 
FUNCIONES: 0
REQUISITOS: 0
BENEFICIOS: 0

TEXTO DESCRIPCION 1: We are a tech-enabled growth firm–at the intersection of marketing, consulting & data intelligence–igniting revenue and brand recognition for leading and emerging companies around the world. Además,  As a people-first firm, we value diversity in backgrounds and experiences. Asimismo,  We strongly believe our people and culture are key to our success. De igual forma,  Our vision is to be recognized as the most valued and respected private growth marketing firm in the world–with a scalable brand, culture and services. Además,  Our mission is to power the relentless pursuit of growth and redefine what's possible through a team of growth-obsessed experts who demand innovation and results - driven by integrity, autonomy, and grit. Asimismo,  As a full-service growth marketing firm, we offer best-in-class services including: SEO, Content Marketing, Paid Media, Social Media Marketing, Programmatic + CTV, Public Relations, Influencer Marketing, Email + SMS, Conversion Rate Optimization, Retail Marketing, and Creative. De igual forma,  Here at Power Digital, we are hyper-focused on helping brands drive revenue growth and brand recognition, ultimately driving irrefutable value for our clients. Además,  At the heart of Power Digital is our proprietary technology, nova, which analyzes businesses through first-party data, simplifying investment planning for marketing and diligence in M&A––putting marketers in a strategic seat at the table––and providing value in unparalleled ways.
TEXTO DESCRIPCION 2: Managing billions in media, our dynamic team––of consultative marketers, creatives, analysts and technologists––challenge traditional ways of planning and measurement through meticulous testing and data science across each milestone of the customer journey. ***Proficiency in spoken and written English at an advanced level is required for this role. Además,  You'll sit on the Data Team, which owns the core data foundation for Power Digital: the pipelines, modeling, and data marts that power our agency teams, clients, and AI initiatives. Asimismo,  You'll work end to end, from raw ingestion through the semantic layer, using AI-agentic workflows as a normal part of how you build.