URL: https://www.buscojobs.pe/institutional-safety-officer-iso-en-peru-ID-13201799
Portal: BUSCOJOBS
Descargado: 09/10/2026 06:58:30

TITULO: Institutional Safety Officer (Iso)
EMPRESA: 
CATEGORIA: Ingeniería
SALARIO: A convenir
CONTRATO: No especificado
MODALIDAD: No especificado
CIUDAD: Perú
REGION: Perú
UBICACION: Perú, Perú
VACANTES: No especificado
JORNADA: No especificado
EXPERIENCIA: No especificado
ESTUDIOS: No especificado
SECTOR: No especificado
TAMANO: No especificado
UBICACION EMPRESA: No especificado
FECHA PUBLICACION: 28/09/2026
FECHA CIERRE: 17/10/2026
URL POSTULAR: https://www.buscojobs.pe/institutional-safety-officer-iso-en-peru-ID-13201799
INDUSTRY: 
FUNCIONES: 0
REQUISITOS: 0
BENEFICIOS: 0

TEXTO DESCRIPCION 1: Selkirk Mental Health Centre & Other Shared Health Mental Health & Addiction Sites Shared Health leads the planning and coordinates the integration of patient-centered clinical and preventive health services across Manitoba. Además,  The organization also delivers some province-wide health services and supports centralized administrative and business functions for Manitoba health organizations. Asimismo,  The Healthcare Institutional Safety Officers (ISO) are hospital employees and licensed security guards who are specifically trained to respond, protect and enforce requirements to achieve safe patient care and healthcare work environments, particularly those facilities which require a high frequency of response to behaviours in acute and forensic mental health units. De igual forma,  A healthcare ISO is responsible for enforcing the provision of bylaws and enforcing the provision of additional appointed statutes as outlined in the Police Services Act under the Institutional Safety Officer program. Además,  Working cooperatively with healthcare professionals, law enforcement and other stakeholders, they provide a highly skilled collaborative enforcement and patient care model. Asimismo,  The ISO is responsible for enforcement, prevention, intervention, and education of applicable legislation within the healthcare facility. De igual forma,  ISOs daily encounter and respond to high-risk situations in sites with documented and high frequency violent behaviours (usually from high volume emergency departments and high acuity mental health units). Además,  Healthcare ISOs are also trained to have the Qualified Persons designation under the Mental Health Act and will be able to maintain safe custody of intoxicated persons under the Intoxicated Persons Detention Act.
TEXTO DESCRIPCION 2: Healthcare ISOs will receive training to the provincially adopted and Manitoba Justice approved training program. Además,  Upon initial demonstrated and ongoing competence, they will be designated by the SDO as an ISO under the Police Services Act, as well as a Qualified Person under the Mental Health Act. Asimismo,  Ongoing re-training will be provided by the SDO, and with ongoing demonstrated competence they will maintain their designations. De igual forma,  Successfully complete the ISO Training Program and maintain their ability with annual retraining. Además,  Be designated as an ISO (Peace Officer status as per Manitoba Police Services Act – Amendment).