URL: https://www.buscojobs.pe/jefe-comercial-plastisur-en-peru-ID-13204273
Portal: BUSCOJOBS
Descargado: 01/10/2026 21:04:07

TITULO: Jefe Comercial Plastisur
EMPRESA: 
CATEGORIA: Ingeniería
SALARIO: A convenir
CONTRATO: No especificado
MODALIDAD: No especificado
CIUDAD: Perú
REGION: Perú
UBICACION: Perú, Perú
VACANTES: No especificado
JORNADA: No especificado
EXPERIENCIA: No especificado
ESTUDIOS: No especificado
SECTOR: No especificado
TAMANO: No especificado
UBICACION EMPRESA: No especificado
FECHA PUBLICACION: 29/09/2026
FECHA CIERRE: 18/10/2026
URL POSTULAR: https://www.buscojobs.pe/jefe-comercial-plastisur-en-peru-ID-13204273
INDUSTRY: 
FUNCIONES: 0
REQUISITOS: 0
BENEFICIOS: 0

TEXTO DESCRIPCION 1: rbia Advance Corporation is a Purpose-led company with big aspirations. Además,  We are out to advance life around the world while maximising value to our shareholders, customers and employees. Asimismo,  The Company is passionate about the topics that define how people will live and thrive tomorrow: the future of cities, buildings, agriculture, and materials. De igual forma,  Orbia Advance Corporation has five business groups which offer innovative solutions across multiple industries including building and infrastructure, data communications, chemicals and more. Además,  In ****, Orbia Advance Corporation bought a majority stake in Israeli-based Netafim, the world's leader in drip irrigation, and is helping the world 'grow more with less' as it helps to solve food and water scarcity. Asimismo,  Orbia Advance Corporation has operations in 41 countries with more than 22,000 employees. De igual forma,  We started as a producer of commodities and have evolved to become a provider of innovative solutions that address the global issues of rapid urbanisation, water and food scarcity, and a growing and aging population. Además,  We're already a global leader in Polymers, Fluor, Building & Infrastructure, Datacom, and Precision Irrigation. Asimismo,  We have embarked on a CEO-led transformation, as part of our journey to become a truly purpose-led, future fit company. De igual forma,  Ensure the growth and consolidation of Plastisur as a leading brand in the southern region of the country by achieving sales targets in the housing and infrastructure segments, effectively managing the commercial team, and successfully implementing growth plans in alignment with the company's values.
TEXTO DESCRIPCION 2: Manage sales activities and support marketing initiatives within the served markets. Además,  Lead excellent customer service and maintain direct management of key accounts. Asimismo,  Define objectives, monitor performance, and develop the commercial team under responsibility.