URL: https://www.buscojobs.pe/medical-partner-en-lima-ID-13201528
Portal: BUSCOJOBS
Descargado: 02/10/2026 17:09:19

TITULO: Medical Partner
EMPRESA: 
CATEGORIA: Salud
SALARIO: A convenir
CONTRATO: No especificado
MODALIDAD: No especificado
CIUDAD: Lima
REGION: Lima
UBICACION: Lima, Perú
VACANTES: No especificado
JORNADA: No especificado
EXPERIENCIA: No especificado
ESTUDIOS: No especificado
SECTOR: No especificado
TAMANO: No especificado
UBICACION EMPRESA: No especificado
FECHA PUBLICACION: 28/09/2026
FECHA CIERRE: 17/10/2026
URL POSTULAR: https://www.buscojobs.pe/medical-partner-en-lima-ID-13201528
INDUSTRY: 
FUNCIONES: 0
REQUISITOS: 0
BENEFICIOS: 0

TEXTO DESCRIPCION 1: At Roche you can show up as yourself, embraced for the unique qualities you bring. Además,  Our culture encourages personal expression, open dialogue, and genuine connections, where you are valued, accepted and respected for who you are, allowing you to thrive both personally and professionally. Asimismo,  This is how we aim to prevent, stop and cure diseases and ensure everyone has access to healthcare today and for generations to come. De igual forma,  Join Roche, where every voice matters. Además,  We advance science so that we all have more time with the people we love. Asimismo,  The Medical Partner plays a vital role in Roche's customer engagement model by building long-term, trusted relationships with key stakeholders to support optimized medical practices in priority disease areas. De igual forma,  This role enhances the impact of Roche's medical function, focusing on accelerating pipeline delivery, differentiating the portfolio through data, fostering strategic advocacy, and driving access and adoption of innovations by engaging in critical "Moments that Matter" throughout the asset lifecycle.
TEXTO DESCRIPCION 2: : The Medical Partner proactively provides deep scientific and therapeutic expertise, shaping integrated medical strategies that differentiate Roche's pipeline and portfolio. Además,  They lead local strategies, demonstrate the value story, and act as medical experts across the product lifecycle. : They prioritize proactive medical engagement with external stakeholders, driving early and broad adoption of innovations through peer-to-peer collaborations, targeted scientific exchanges, insights generation, and addressing unmet needs in line with squad-aligned goals. : They develop and execute local Integrated Evidence Plans (IEPs) by addressing evidence gaps, supporting studies, and creating tactics to ensure impactful data generation that supports portfolio access, adoption, and continuous value demonstration.