URL: https://www.buscojobs.pe/protection-associate-en-tacna-ID-13201526
Portal: BUSCOJOBS
Descargado: 02/10/2026 17:09:39

TITULO: Protection Associate
EMPRESA: 
CATEGORIA: Ingeniería
SALARIO: A convenir
CONTRATO: No especificado
MODALIDAD: No especificado
CIUDAD: Tacna
REGION: Tacna
UBICACION: Tacna, Perú
VACANTES: No especificado
JORNADA: No especificado
EXPERIENCIA: No especificado
ESTUDIOS: No especificado
SECTOR: No especificado
TAMANO: No especificado
UBICACION EMPRESA: No especificado
FECHA PUBLICACION: 28/09/2026
FECHA CIERRE: 17/10/2026
URL POSTULAR: https://www.buscojobs.pe/protection-associate-en-tacna-ID-13201526
INDUSTRY: 
FUNCIONES: 0
REQUISITOS: 0
BENEFICIOS: 0

TEXTO DESCRIPCION 1: rganizational Setting and Work Relationships The Protection Associate normally reports to the Protection Officer or the Senior Protection Officer. Además,  The incumbent monitors protection standards, operational procedures and practices in protection delivery in line with international standards and provides functional protection support to information management and programme staff. Asimismo,  The Protection Associate is expected to coordinate quality, timely and effective protection responses to the needs of populations of concern (PoC) and identify opportunities to mainstream protection methodologies and integrate protection safeguards in operational responses in all sectors. De igual forma,  S/he contributes to designing a comprehensive protection strategy and liaises externally with authorities and partners on protection doctrine and policy as guided by the supervisor.
TEXTO DESCRIPCION 2: The Protection Associate also ensures that PoC are involved in making decisions that affect them, whether in accessing their rights or in identifying appropriate solutions to their problems. Además,  To achieve this, the incumbent will need to build and maintain effective interfaces with communities of concern, local authorities and protection and assistance partners. Asimismo,  All UNHCR staff members are accountable to perform their duties as reflected in their job description. De igual forma,  They do so within their delegated authorities, in line with the regulatory framework of UNHCR which includes the UN Charter, UN Staff Regulations and Rules, UNHCR Policies and Administrative Instructions as well as relevant accountability frameworks. Además,  In addition, staff members are required to discharge their responsibilities in a manner consistent with the core, functional, cross-functional and managerial competencies and UNHCR's core values of professionalism, integrity and respect for diversity. Asimismo,  Stay abreast of political, social, economic and cultural developments that have an impact on the protection environment.