URL: https://www.buscojobs.pe/storekeeper-smhc-repost-en-peru-ID-13201786
Portal: BUSCOJOBS
Descargado: 02/10/2026 16:05:51

TITULO: Storekeeper - Smhc - Repost
EMPRESA: 
CATEGORIA: Ingeniería
SALARIO: A convenir
CONTRATO: No especificado
MODALIDAD: No especificado
CIUDAD: Perú
REGION: Perú
UBICACION: Perú, Perú
VACANTES: No especificado
JORNADA: No especificado
EXPERIENCIA: No especificado
ESTUDIOS: No especificado
SECTOR: No especificado
TAMANO: No especificado
UBICACION EMPRESA: No especificado
FECHA PUBLICACION: 28/09/2026
FECHA CIERRE: 17/10/2026
URL POSTULAR: https://www.buscojobs.pe/storekeeper-smhc-repost-en-peru-ID-13201786
INDUSTRY: 
FUNCIONES: 0
REQUISITOS: 0
BENEFICIOS: 0

TEXTO DESCRIPCION 1: Shared Health leads the planning and coordinates the integration of patient-centered clinical and preventive health services across Manitoba. Además,  The organization also delivers some province-wide health services and supports centralized administrative and business functions for Manitoba health organizations. Asimismo,  SMHC is a 252-bed facility that provides specialized inpatient mental health and acquired brain injury treatment and rehabilitation services to residents of Manitoba and Nunavut whose challenging needs cannot be met elsewhere in the provincial health care system. De igual forma,  SMHC has five specialized patient programs: Acute, Geriatric, Rehabilitation, Forensic and Acquired Brain Injury that are delivered on a campus-like setting with several buildings located throughout the property, as well as three offsite community group homes located in Selkirk.
TEXTO DESCRIPCION 2: There are over **** products in the warehouse operations at SMHC. Además,  The storekeeper unpacks, moves and pulls goods from shelves. Asimismo,  Physical strength, mobility and stamina are required working in the warehouse. De igual forma,  Attention to detail and good organization skills are required in keeping the warehouse clean and in accurately storing, pulling and recording inventory coming in or going out. Además,  Team work and good communication skills are required to effectively interact with coworkers and managers and to collaborate on various responsibilities. Asimismo,  The ability to operate a pallet jack and other equipment used in the warehouse is required. De igual forma,  The primary responsibility of the position is to ensure timely, efficient and cost-effective acquisition, warehousing and issuing of various materials to the areas including food and kitchen supplies, patient care and office supplies, safety products, service and janitorial supplies, medical and non-medical equipment items. Además,  This position also assists the Team Leader in the day-to-day computerized storekeeping, stock, inventory, accounting records and security of the Warehouse located at Selkirk Mental Health Centre (SMHC). Asimismo,  The incumbent is required to understand policies, procedures, priorities and deadlines that influence the operation of Materials Management and to prioritize their own work to meet those priorities such as the General Manual of Administration, General Policy Manual, Support Services Manual and Procurement Services Manual.